I watched you murder innocent men and
women I was authorized to end you and
the only reason why you are still alive
is because I am allowing it so shut your
mouth captain you're gonna punch me
again over and over till your arm
weakens clearly you want to sit tell me
why did you allow me to live we all make
mistakes
you know I've surrendered to you because
despite your attempt to convince me
otherwise you seemed to have a
conscience
mr. CAC if you did not then it would be
impossible for me to convince you of the
truth two three one seven four six one
one coordinates not far from the bath if
you want to know why I did what I did
don't take a look give me one reason why
I should listen to you I can give you 72
and they're on board your ship captain
they have been all along